1 How to store all publication information in Neo4j, including paper, author, affiliation, topics, etc.
2 Develop a user-friendly web portal to support the data analytics.
3 How to ensure scalability performance? (Hint: cache user query, create microservices)
4 How to ensure performance? (Hint: periodic statistics for example)
5 Given the name of a researcher, generate a graph* showing the direct collaboration network of the author (her all co-authors).
6 Given the name of a researcher, generate a graph* showing a multi-depth collaboration network of the author (her co-authors and their co-authors).
7 Given some keywords,s generate a graph of top k related papers together with their authors.
8 Given a timeline of years for a set of authors, generate a graph showing their publications per year.
9 Given a journal name, generate a graph showcasing authors contributing to each of its volume, taking volume as the base axis.
10 Given some geographical area (e.g., country) and some keywords, generate a graph on Google map the publications on the topic, whose authors come from the geographical area (at least one or more authors).
11 Given a publication channel name (journal or conference) and a time frame, showcase in Google map the publications distribution
12 (Counted as 2 requirements) Given some keywords, return a collection of papers that the reader may be interested in reading (sorted by relevance).
Show a graph of their relationships (e.g., citation)
13 Given some keywords, search for researchers that may like to be your collaborators.
14 Given some keywords, search for researchers who are experts in the field.
15 Categorize the research papers (given time period).
16 Categorize the research papers (given time period, publication channels, keywords).
17 Show the evolution of focused topics of a journal, in a given time frame.
18 For each major publication channel (e.g., a journal or a conference at a year), list the top cited papers.
19 Generate a Paper-Paper network, showing their citation relationships.
20 Generate a Person-Person network, showing their collaboration relationships
21 Generate a Paper-Person network, showing their authoring relationships.
22 Given a researcher name, find out a path that will lead you to connect to the researcher (prove the small-world theory).
23 Given a research topic, form a possible research team, taking into consideration of their expertise in the field, their past collaboration relationships, and their possibility of willingness to join the team.
24 Given some keywords, find out a network that can link them together.
25 In a publication network, click on an author, show a knowledge card summarizing her past publication status.
26 In a publication network, click on a paper, show a knowledge card summarizing its publication information and citation data.
27 When people do a search, give information about “People viewing this item also visit…”
28 Provide a log in facility.
29 Provide a personalized interface for a user when logging in, e.g., hello xxx, you have recently visited…
30 Allow people to follow a researcher - when the researcher has new publication, notify the person.
31 Allow to view statistics and detailed info of her own followers.
32 Allow to view statistics info of a person’s followers.
